##Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://stymrj.co/chatbot.

What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments on this website
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.

An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.

If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.

Forms
When you have completed a form, we ask for your personal information, such as your name, e-mail address and telephone number. We use this information to provide the best possible service to our customers. The information we store is equal to all fields filled in the form.

This information can be stored on Mailerlite, which is the Email Marketing provider we use.

Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.

Chatbot
I’m using Messenger buttons on my website and a website widget that will lead you to my chatbot. This will leave a Facebook & ManyChat cookie.

Analytics
Google Tag Manager
We use Google Tag Manager to manager all tracking scripts on the website.

Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze traffic to our website. We have not given Google permission to use the obtained analytics information for other purposes. In addition, the following sharing options in our Google Analytics account are explicitly disabled:

Google products and services
Benchmarking
Technical Support
Account Specialists
The information that Google collects is anonymized by means of anonymizing IP addresses, so that your privacy is better guaranteed.

The information collected is transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google states that it adheres to the EU-US Privacy Shield principle and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield principle. This means that there is an appropriate level of protection for the processing of any personal data.

For further information about Google Analytics, we would like to refer you to the Privacy Policy of Google Analytics.

Facebook Pixel
On this website, a Facebook Pixel is stored to potentially reengage website vistors with Facebook Ads.

LinkedIn Insight Tag
On this website, a LinkedIn Insight Tag is stored to potentially reengage website vistors with LinkedIn Ads.

Who we share your data with
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of CashController except in one of the following circumstances:

If we have received permission for this
For third-party processing – we provide personal data to our partners or other trusted companies or individuals for them to process the data for us, based on our instructions and in accordance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.

For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.

What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.

Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.

Data that applies to the analysis of our website is sent to Google, as we use the Google Analytics application.

Data for reengagement is sent to Facebook and LinkedIn.

How we protect your data
We work hard to protect Chatimize and our users from unauthorized access or unauthorized modification, disclosure or destruction of data. We try to achieve this by:

Encrypt all data through a SSL connection
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post it on this page.

The Privacy Policy was last amended on 04-02-2022.

Your contact information
You can contact us by sending an email to admin@stymrj.co .
